docs: about create serial and parallel node on dashboard (#191)
chaos-mesh/website: versioned_docs/version-2.1.1/run-chaos-experiments-in-serial-or-parallel.md

When Chaos Mesh executes parallel nodes, all tasks claimed in `children` are executed simultaneously.

Similar to serial nodes, the optional field `deadline` is also available in parallel nodes to limit the maximum execution time of the entire parallel process. If this time is reached, the sub-nodes are stopped. If all sub-nodes finish their work before `deadline` time, parallel nodes are immediately marked as completed and `deadline` is not affected.

> ## Create Workflow with Serial or Parallel nodes using Chaos Dashboard
> 
> ### Serial Node
> 
> Chaos Dashboard would create a predefined serial node called `entry`, so the default pattern of creating workflow is under the serial `entry` node.
> 
> ![Create Serial Node On Dashboard](./img/create-serial-node-on-dashboard.png)
> 
> ### Parallel Node
> 
> You could create an `Parallel` node, then create sub-nodes under it.
> 
> ![Create Parallel Node on Dashboard](./img/create-parallel-node-on-dashboard.png))
> 
> ### Nested Serial and Parallel Nodes
> 
> You could also combine any serial and parallel as you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create Workflow with Serial or Parallel nodes using Chaos Dashboard

### Create serial nodes

Chaos Dashboard creates a predefined serial node called `entry`. Therefore, when creating Workflow with serial nodes using Chaos Dashboard, the Workflow is created under `entry` by default.

![Create Serial Node On Dashboard](./img/create-serial-node-on-dashboard.png)

### Create parallel nodes

You can create a parallel node `Parallel` and create sub-nodes under `Parallel`.

![Create Parallel Node on Dashboard](./img/create-parallel-node-on-dashboard.png)

### Nest serial and parallel nodes

You can create more complex processes by nesting serial and parallel nodes together.
```
